c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\GiftRegister.dll.config
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\GiftRegister.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\GiftRegister.pdb
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\WebApiContrib.IoC.Ninject.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\obj\Debug\GiftRegister.dll
c:\users\cci22842\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\obj\Debug\GiftRegister.pdb
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\GiftRegister.dll.config
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\GiftRegister.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\GiftRegister.pdb
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\WebApiContrib.IoC.Ninject.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\obj\Debug\GiftRegister.dll
C:\Systems\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\obj\Debug\GiftRegister.pdb
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\GiftRegister.dll.config
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\GiftRegister.dll
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\GiftRegister.pdb
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\obj\Debug\GiftRegister.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\obj\Debug\GiftRegister.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\obj\Debug\GiftRegister.dll
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\obj\Debug\GiftRegister.pdb
C:\Users\CCI57441\WorkArea\GiftRegister\GiftRegister\obj\Debug\GiftRegister.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
